# Rainwater-Measurement
This project simulates a simple rainwater measurement system. The system includes a water level sensor with four different water level ranges:

Level 1: Range [0, 10)
Level 2: Range [10, 20)
Level 3: Range [20, 30)
Level 4: Range [30, 40]
Each water level range (1 to 4) corresponds to an LED indicator with the following colors connected to pins PORTC.0 – PORTC.3:

Level 1: Yellow LED
Level 2: Green LED
Level 3: Orange LED
Level 4: Red LED
The water level value is stored in register PORTA and this value is generated by randomly producing integers from the ranges of Level 1, Level 2, Level 3, and Level 4. The system will continuously collect data on rainfall every 6ms, and the CPU clock frequency is 32 kHz.

i) Implement LED Control in Sequence

At the first time, 𝑡0, generate a random integer in the range [0, 10), and use this value as input for PORTA, simulating the measured rainfall.
Read the rainfall data from PINA.
Check if the value from PINA falls in the range [0, 10). If so, turn on the Yellow LED.
At the second time, 𝑡1, 6ms later, perform similar actions for the range [10, 20), turn on the Green LED, and turn off the Yellow LED.
Repeat the process for turning on the Orange LED and Red LED as described.
After turning on the Red LED for 6ms, return to step 1 to toggle the Yellow, Green, Orange, and Red LEDs continuously.

ii) Implement Random LED Control Based on Measured Rainfall

Generate a random integer in the range [0, 40] for PORTA.
Check which water level range the value falls into, then turn on the corresponding LED.
Continue to repeat step one every 6ms.
